# 3.13 设置special-judge

To allow for problems that do not fit within the standard scheme of fixed input and/or output, DOMjudge has the possibility to change the way submissions are run and checked for correctness.

The back end script `testcase_run.sh` that handles the running and checking of submissions, calls separate programs for running submissions and comparison of the results. These can be specialised and adapted to the requirements per problem. For this, one has to create executable archives as described above. Then the executable must be selected in the `special_run` and/or `special_compare` fields of the problem (an empty value means that the default run and compare scripts should be used; the defaults can be set in the global configuration settings). When creating custom run and compare programs, we recommend re-using wrapper scripts that handle the tedious, standard part. See the boolfind example for details.

### Compare programs
Compare scripts/programs should follow the Kattis/problemarchive output validator format. DOMjudge uses the default output validator specified there as its default, which can be found at <https://github.com/Kattis/problemtools/blob/master/support/default_validator/.>

Note that DOMjudge only supports a subset of the functionality described there. In particular, the calling syntax is

```shell
/path/to/compare_script/run <testdata.in> <testdata.ans> <feedbackdir> <compare_args> < <program.out>
```

where `testdata.in` `testdata.ans` are the jury reference input and output files, `feedbackdir` the directory containing e.g. the judging response file `judgemessage.txt` to be written to (the only other permitted files there are `teammessage.txt` `score.txt` `judgeerror.txt` `diffposition.txt),` `compare_args` a list of arguments that can set when configuring a contest problem, and `program.out` the team's output. The validator program should not make any assumptions on its working directory.

For more details on writing and modifying a compare (or validator) scripts, see the `boolfind_cmp` example and the comments at the top of the file `testcase_run.sh`.
