# 3.17 \(重新\)生成文档和团队手册

There are three sets of documentation available under the doc directory in DOMjudge:

- **the admin-manual**
  - for administrators of the system (this document),
- **the judge-manual**
  - for judges, describing the jury web interface and giving some general information about this system,
- **the team-manual**
  - for teams, explaining how to use the system and what restrictions there are.

The team manual is only available in PDF format and must be built from the LaTeX sources in doc/team after configuration of the system. A prebuilt team manual is included, but note that it contains default/example values for site-specific configuration settings such as the team web interface URL and judging settings such as the memory limit. We strongly recommend rebuilding the team manual to include site-specific settings and also to revise it to reflect your contest specific environment and rules.

Besides a standard LaTeX installation, the team manual requires the svn and expdlist packages. These are available in TeX Live in the texlive-latex-extra package in any modern Linux distribution. Alternatively, you can download and install them manually from their respective subdirectories in <http://mirror.ctan.org/macros/latex/contrib>.

When the docs part of DOMjudge is installed and site-specific configuration set, the team manual can be generated with the command genteammanual found under docs/team. The PDF document will be placed in the current directory or a directory given as argument. The following should do it on a Debian-like system:


```shell
sudo apt install make texlive-latex-extra texlive-latex-recommended texlive-lang-european
cd <INSTALL_PATH>/docs/team
./genteammanual [targetdir]
```

The administrator's and judge's manuals are available in PDF and HTML format and prebuilt from SGML sources. Rebuilding these is not normally necessary. To rebuild them on a Debian-like system, the following commands should do it:

```shell
sudo apt install linuxdoc-tools make zip ghostscript groff texlive-latex-recommended
make -C doc/admin docs
make -C doc/judge docs
```
